Random Michael Jackson Flash Vids
Published on June 26, 2009.
What the hey!?
Michael Jackson died today (yesterday)!
Well that’s kind of a bummer.
I mostly spent most of the evening listening to his music (I went to the library and grabbed History) and watching music videos on YouTube.
Also, I just remembered about the random Super Mario Bros. sprite animations that some Japanese person (sikamako) made using graphics from the old Genesis game, Moonwalker !
I had only previously linked to one.
So I thought that in tribute of MJ, I’d link to all of them.
They’re all really weird:
Super Michael Bros.
I think this is the original one.
I don’t remember where I got it.
Seems sort of normal enough.
Just MJ running through a few Mario stages.
Michael Quest
Michael Quest is a little weirder.
Basically he comes in and pwns a bunch of video games.
Then some red ninjas come in?
Then MJ is revived by Luigi?
And he turns into the metal thing from Moonwalker.
Yeah, this really makes no sense.
Just watch it.
Michael Fantasy
It actually gets weirder.
There’s a flashback to Michael Quest (of course).
Then the princess rides a gigantic Zangief from SFII to destroy the earth.
This is foreshadowed before it actually happens, so then a bunch of random video game characters try and stop it.
And of course, Michael Jackson saves the day again.
Michael Forever
I believe this is the last one.
I think Michael finds some Dragon Balls, revives some characters, then has to stop Princess Peach again, this time riding a giant E. Honda… There’s a lot of Japanese pop cultural references (like Doraemon, Dragon Ball, etc) and I probably don’t understand all of them.
Suffice it to say that MJ is still a badass in this one. Crisis averted.